Javascript is library, it can be used on client side as well as on server side node. 
node.js - runtime for JS 

Features of JS 
1. IT makes HTML dynamic
2. For making asynch call.
3. it is used for client side validation

JS can be added in HTML using <script> tag 
1. embeded JS  - <script> tag can be used in head or body of 
html. standard practice is <script> must be in head 
2. external JS - here JS is completely seperated from html using 
external js file 

document object from JS - document refers web page and its methods are 
getElementById()
getElementsByName()
getElementsByClass()
getElementsByTagName()

  window refers browser and this may include plugin installation, css file importing 
       or any other script execution so using window.onload we may have to wait for all 
       these activities to get complete. it may take more time so instead of using this 
       as we just want page to be ready before script execution we can make use of 
       document object and its onreadystatechange event.


document has 5 ready states 
1. uninitialized - document not yet started loading  
2. loading - it is loading stage
3. loaded - document is loaded but not enough the user can interact
4. interactive - document is not fully loaded but loaded enough that user can interact
5. complete - document is completely loaded

ECMA script - Europian Computer Mail Association - it is a standard or specification used 
by javascript. it means JS is implemented using ECMA standards.

Versions
ES5 - is used to implement plain vanilla js and it is supported by all the browsers
To declare variables it uses var keyword.
classes are implemented using function keyword 
Inheritance in ES5 is implemented using 
i. prototype chaining
ii.classical inheritance
iii.pseudoclassical inheritance

ES6 / ES2015 - it supports most of the oop features so it is popular amongst developer.
it has introduced let keyword.
classes are implemented using class keyword
inheritance is implemented using extends keyword.

Javascript is loosely typed language 
data types in JS 
number
string
boolean
undefined
object

there are 3 for loops in JS 
1. standard for 
for(initialization, condition, incre/decre){

}
2. ES5 has introduced for in loop and it returns index of array element one by one.
3. ES6 has introduced for of loop and it returns element from array one by one


Naming conventions
1. variable/function names must be in camelCase
2. file names in smallcase or camelCase
3. constants or global variables must be in uppercase
4. while writing variable or function names you can not use hyphen - but you can use digits,letters, underscore and $

let has a block level scope and var does not have a block level scope

popup window from js
alert() - used to display info
prompt() - it used to accept user input and it returns that in a string form
confirm() - is used to take confirmation from user and it return boolean


To convert a number from string form to number form we can use
1. parseInt()
2. Number()

Types of functions in JS 
1. function without input and without return type
2. function with input and without return type
3. function with input and return type
4. arrow function from ES6
5. anonymous function as a self executing or IIFE(immediately invoked function expression)
6. anonymous function as a callback function
